so here what we have is a squid
so the first thing I'm going to do
is I'm going to pull out this
section right here being very careful
and then I need to pull out
i also need to pull out the
quill which is right here
this part is what we make the rings with so
let me just pat dry you can see that some of
the squid ink is coming out the squid ink is is
really important as well but let's first of all
pull the wings off here which are edible and
as well we can see where we get calamari from
again you want to keep your board nice and tidy
the squid ink is what's used
as a mechanism to defend
the squid when it's under water and what it does
is it shoots out this ink which colors the water
and then it can escape so this is what we use
for the rings on the top here what we have is a
beak so we want to get the beak out so we just
turn it upside down and we just squeeze to get
the beak out and there it is you can see it coming
out right there so we don't eat the beak so we're
gonna put that over there and within this sack
right here is where we can actually get the ink
for the squid ink so let's just cut
right here and you can see that I actually
just cut right through the squid ink
sack now this ink is also used for
cooking we can use it for coloring
pasta or a number of other dishes like even a
result of which i've used before there you have it